 So you guys slightly surprisingly one of the talk about skew so we can do that. So what does skew mean in derivatives markets refers to the shape, the slope of the function that relates strike price, either just in dollar terms or currency terms or in percentage of spot or forward which would be typically referred to as money mass or in delta terms and in options delta. So the function that relates that on the x axis and in play volatility on the y axis, right? And so in a black sholes naive world where there's just an in play volatility, it's the same for all strikes, you would have a flat skew curve in you know, equity markets, especially in equity index, you would typically expect predominantly a downwards slope in skew curve. In other words, higher in play volatility for out of the money puts, you know, lower in play volatility for out of the money calls. In you know, some markets like for example Bitcoin or gold or oil you can in cases have upwards slope in skew curves where you have higher in play volatility for outside called the non-side puts. So what skew is driven by first and foremost fundamental in options and derivatives markets is spot ball correlation spot ball covariance spot ball data. In other words, how in play volatility tends to move as the underlying asset moves. Okay, it's not about, you know, or people say it's about fear or it's about, you know, excess demand for you know, hedging or something like there's something wrong with their being skew, markets aren't stupid right? To first order markets are relatively efficient. To first order you should always believe, you know, the level of in play volatility is right. The amount of skew is right, you know, the stock price is right. And then if you have a very strong, very specific, well-educated view on why it's wrong, that's fine, right? But so when wire equity markets are characterized by downwards slope in skew, it's because equity markets tend to get more volatile in play volatility tends to rise when market so off. Okay, now very importantly, the specific relation in volatility surfaces is between with respect to skew and options relates to the change in fixed strike volatility as spot moves down, as opposed to floating strike volatility. So fixed strike volatility is the implied volatility of, for example, the $6,900 call in the S&P, floating strike volatility would be the at the money implied volatility, which as markets move around kind of move the strike moves with with the little. Importantly, this relates to the the P&L of holding a option position that's delta hedged. So in particular, let's say that you have what I would call a skew position or a delta hedged risk reversal, let's say that you're long and 25 delta put short at 25 delta call and you're delta hedged. Okay, so you're going to be let's say you're relatively close to kind of gamma neutral, you're delta neutral, you're relatively close to Vega neutral, your first order exposure is to Vanna or spot bulk of variance. In particular, what happens as markets fall towards the strike of your put that you're long away from the strike of the call that you're short, what happens is you're going to get long Vega, you're going to get long exposure to implied volatility. And that it's that sort of covariance, right? So let's say you have a big sell off with a huge ball spike, you're going to make a bunch of money because markets sells off, you get long Vega, you get long volatility, implied volatility rises a lot, you make a bunch of money. Let's say that markets rally a lot and ball falls a lot. Similarly, you can make them a lot of money because you're moving away from your long put strike, you're moving towards your long call strike, sorry, your short call strike. And so you're getting short Vega, you're getting short volatility and you're having a big crush in implied volatility. And so you're making the opposite, like let's say that you have a sell off significant sell off, but implied volatility really underperforms and on a fixed strike basis, it actually goes down. What's going to happen is the market sells off, you're going to get long volatility and balls going to fall and you're going to lose money. Okay, so that's man, let's then cross partial derivative of your P&R or the value of the option with respect to spot pinball. Okay, so and that's related again to spotball covariance because if the market expects implied volatility to spike a lot on a sell off, to fall a lot on a rally, what that means is skew is steep and pricing that if skew is relatively flat or even upwards-loping, what's that saying is the market is expecting kind of spot up ball up dynamics or at least very weak, you know, relationship between spot and ball in the case of flat skew. Okay, and so when you're thinking about when a derivatives manager or a market maker is thinking about, you know, their skew exposure and what's the pricing of skew, that's what they're thinking about, they're thinking about how is ball moving with spot. Now for very short data options, they're also thinking about, you know, kind of the acceleration of spot moves because in that example I gave, you know, as the market's selling off, you're also getting long gamma and so really big move you're going to benefit. So for short data options, there's a bit more of that, but you know, for most tenders that that first order effect is really spotball coalition. And so, you know, I mentioned again, first order thinking doesn't work. So, you know, things like, oh skew is steep. Should I, you know, should I skew is steep, typically, inequities would mean the put, put balls are much higher than call balls. You know, does that mean I should sell the put and buy the call and don't touch? Now it doesn't because skew is steep for a reason, typically spotball data is high, markets kind of price that same thing skew is low. Should I sort of buy skew? Not necessarily, right? If you have a very good process, research process for identifying when you think skew is mispressed, that's different, but you know skew is high, you should sell it, skew is buy, you should low it, doesn't work. By the way, vol is low, you should buy it, vol is high, you should sell it, doesn't work. Don't assume that markets are stupid markets are smart. There's lots of very, very smart people in markets with lots of computers and lots of research and lots of systems. And if it's like this kind of easy nonsense explanation for what you should be doing, like the peat, you know, the price to equit, price to earnings ratio is low. So it's a good buy. None of that is true, right? This is all very hard stuff. So does, you know, if skew being a certain way, mean you should buy stocks or sell stocks? No, absolutely not. Does skew being high or low, mean you should structure your directional trades differently, like using calls versus call spreads versus risk of ursils? You know, maybe that's probably more reasonable. That's not the kind of thing that we do a lot, but you know, I think that if you have a directional view, you know, taking a vantage of skew to structure a trade, when you're not dynamically having the trade, like that, that's probably a reasonable type of thing to think about. Should I care about skew as an individual investor who, you know, wants to make money over time? I'm so fucking literally not. Should I care about options? I'm so fucking literally not. Forget you ever learned about options. Buy some index funds. You want to talk about skew? I like talking about skew. This is fun. But like most of you guys, most of almost everybody, you know, this is like third order in the weed stuff that, you know, only very small number of people should actually care about. All right. You guys ever get something?